Question 1: Which word most often follows the word "happy”?
Birthday. 
Question 2: Which word most often follows the word “sad”?
Song. 
Question 3: How many different (unique) words follow the word “computer”?
57. 
Question 4: Which word most often follows the word “computer”?
Love. 
Question 5: How many times does this word follow “computer”’?
13 (Why?). 
Question 6: Using the starting word “happy”, what song title do you get?
Happy birthday song for the world is a little girl in the world is a little girl in the world is.
Question 7: Using the starting word “sad”, what song title do you get?
Sad song for the world is a little girl in the world is a little girl in the world is a. 
Question 8: Using the starting word “hey”, what song title do you get?
Hey. 
Question 9: Using the starting word “little”, what song title do you get?
Little girl in the world is a little girl in the world is a little girl in the world is a. 
Question 10: Try a few other words. What problem(s) do you see? Which phrase do you most often find recurring in these titles?
Little girl in the world is a little girl in the world is easily the most often repeated phrase. 
As soon as the is included it starts that loop. 
Question 11: Using the starting word “amore”, what song title do you get?
Amore mio babbino caro form the world is a little girl in the world is a little girl in the world. 
Question 12: Using the starting word “love”, what song title do you get?
Love you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are. 
Question 13: Using the starting word “little”, what song title do you get?
Same as question as 9. 
Question 14: Explain why so many of the titles devolve into repeating patterns.
Same question as 10. 
Question 15: Try several words. Find a song title that terminates in less than 20 words. Could you find one? If so, which song title did you find? If not, why not?
Zyklus (what's a zyklus?). It only had '1' following it so it never entered an infinite loop triggered by the common words a, the, in, etc. 
Question 16: Describe in one to two paragraphs your extension and how it fixed the repeating phrase/word problem.
We made an if statement while checking words from our bigram count to make sure those common stop words were not entered into the hash of hashes. 
Question 17: Using the starting word “montana”, what song title do you get?
Montana sacra nova scotia 
Question 18: Using the starting word “bob”, what song title do you get?
Bob Marley. 
Question 19: Using the starting word “bob’ again, do you get the same title? 
No
If no, what do you get? 
Bob Francis.
Try it a third time. Explain why the title might differ each time.
If the word following Bob have a tie (i.e. francis or marley or space) we have randomly chosen one. 
Question 20: Share your favorite song title that you have found.
Zombie skinheads. 
Question 21: Name something you like about Perl. Explain.
Very efficient in regular expressions. Lisa
File input and output is easy. Janette
Question 22: Name something you dislike about Perl. Explain.
Having to place %$@# before ALL variables. Lisa and Janette
Question 23: Did you enjoy this lab? Which aspects did you like and/or dislike?
Yeah, but that may have been my partner. Lisa and Janette
We enjoyed learning the new language and of course we enjoy coding, 
but perl is very finicky and hard to debug. 
Question 24: Approximately how many hours did you spend on this lab?
6ish. 
Question 25: Do you think you will use Perl again? For which type(s) of project(s)?
Likely not. Lisa
If I am ever doing preprocessing for datamining. Janette